.\" Manpage for rcon.
.TH man 1 "April 15 2021" "1.1" "rcon man page"
.SH NAME
rcon \- Execute rcon commands
.SH SYNOPSIS
rcon <\fB-f\fR "filename.ini"> [\fB-a\fR IPNumber] [\fB-p\fR Port] <command>
.SH DESCRIPTION
Linux command line utility to send rcon commands.
.TP
Any command line parameter will take precedence over the corresponding option in the INI file.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-f \-a \-p\fR and \fBcommand\fR are all necessary.  However, only \fB\-f\fR and \fBcommand\fR are required as command-line arguments.  If address and port are in the file, it is not required to pass them as arguments.
.TP
\fB\-?\fR Shows the usage syntax and quits.
.TP
\fB\-v\fR Enables verbose mode which means more detailed messages.
.TP
\fB\-f "filename.ini"\fR Location to .ini file containing at least the password.
.TP
\fB\-a IPNumber\fR IP Address of the rcon server. This option is not needed if added to the .ini file.
.TP
\fB\-p Port\fR Port on the rcon server. This option is not needed if added to the .ini file.
.TP
\fBcommand\fR rcon command to send to the rcon server.
.SH FILE FORMAT
[rcon]
.br
password=\fBYOUR_RCON_PASSWORD\fR
.br
ipaddress=\fB127.0.0.1\fR
.br
port=\fB27015\fR
.SH EXAMPLES
Run a DoExit command:
  rcon \-f "/etc/rcon.ini" \-a 127.0.0.1 \-p 27015 "DoExit"

Run a DoExit command and use the address and port defined in ini file:
  rcon \-f "/etc/rcon.ini" "DoExit"

Run a Broadcast message command using an island-instance ini file:
  rcon \-f "/etc/rcon-island.ini" "Broadcast About to save the world!"

Run a SaveWorld command using a ragnarok-instance ini file:
  rcon \-f "/etc/rcon-ragnarok.ini" "SaveWorld"
.SH EXIT CODES
\fB0\fR = Good
.br
\fB1\fR = Unknown option
.br
\fB2\fR = Missing file parameter
.br
\fB3\fR = Missing command parameter
.br
\fB4\fR = Missing address parameter/config
.br
\fB5\fR = Missing port parameter/config
.br
\fB6\fR = Invalid file or format
.br
\fB7\fR = Connect failed
.br
\fB8\fR = Error sending password
.br
\fB9\fR = Could not authenticate
.br
\fB10\fR = Command send error
.SH SEE ALSO
<https://www.ryanschulze.net/archives/1052>
.SH BUGS
No known bugs.
.SH AUTHOR
Version 1.0 - [ASY]Zyrain
.br
Version 1.1 - LHammonds
.br
Man pages - LHammonds
